Yanyan, you are already the Governor of Southwest China
The goddaughter of Governor Long's sister
Why are we here so early?
What do you know?
Look over there, the one on the left.
It's a package.
Commercial experts at all trade ports in and out of the sea market
The one on the right of Zhangcheng
Li Minghai, the father of three underground religions and nine streams in Haishi
The one in the middle is
The one in the middle is Wang Peng, the mayor of Haishi City
These three hold the lifeblood of everyone in the sea city
It is the most powerful NLD in Haishi
Governor Nalong
What about Longyan Pool?
My godmother's brother
Naturally holding the lifeblood of these three people
But
These three people are you and I can't ignore
Chief Zhang, City Lord Li
slowly
Mom, you are here.
City Lord Zhang
Boss Li, please ask Mrs. Hahaha, what about this one?
It's my daughter Ran Ran
The winner of the invite tenders
This is Miss Shi Xingui from Southwest Province
Can you get the appreciation of the dragon headquarters and its wife?
Definitely extraordinary strength
In the future, you can communicate more
Haha, it is. It is.
Miss Shi said
When the Dragon Governor brought him along
Don't forget to give us a few more beautiful words.
That is, that is, there are no likes, no likes.
Ran Ran, another toast to everyone
Ok hahaha
Three bosses
Then we still have some things to deal with.
Then let's not disturb for now.
Why are you two here?